Well, it's been just about a minute for me and I see this console.log right here that says I want to
publish the expiration complete event.
Awesome.
So definitely looks good.
We've now got the entire mechanism of receiving an event, publishing a job, receiving the job, processing
it, and then potentially we don't quite have it yet, but we now need to make sure that we publish
an event of type expiration complete.
That's we're going to start to work on in this video.
We first need to make sure that our common module has the definition for an expiration complete type
event.
So to get started.
Oh, wrong screen to get started.
I'm going to go back over to my common module.
And remember what we do to create a new event.
We'll find the events directory and then inside of here we're going to create a new one of these event
files.
Every event file is going to export a single interface named after the event that we're trying to create.
We also need to make sure we have a new subject that describes this event, and we'll also enter in
some data that is going to be contained inside the event as well.
So in our case, we are trying to create an event of type expiration complete.
That means we'll first open up our subjects in them file.
I'll add in a new subject of exploration complete and give it a value of exploration colon.
Complete.
After that, inside the events directory, I'll make a new file of expiration.
Complete event.
That's.
At the very top, we will import that subjects in them.
And then I will export an interface called expiration complete event.
This will have a subject of subject's exploration complete.
And they'll list out the data contained inside this thing as well.
And as we previously discussed, the only thing we really need to communicate inside this event is the
order ID.
There's not really anything else we need to communicate to say, Hey, something has expired.
That's all we're going to be communicating inside of here.
Just the order ID.
So for data we'll say order ID and this will be of type string.
And that's pretty much it.
Just creating this event file is not quite enough.
However, remember, we do have to make sure we export it from our index file inside of the common module.
So this is where we have all of our different experts.
I'll go down to the bottom and I'll add on yet another from events.
Exploration complete event.
Yeah.
That looks good.
It will now republish our common module and then update the common module version used inside of our
exploration service will then be able to create a publisher for exploration complete.
Back at my terminal.
I will change into my exploration directory.
Or excuse me.
Common module first.
Got to update the thing.
So in the common module, we'll do an AMPM run pub.
Here we go.
And then we can go back over to the expiration service and update the version used inside there.
All right, so now back over to expiration.
That's better.
And we'll do an RPM update or our common module.
It looks like I am on version 1023.
I'll just make sure that after the update runs, I see the same version.
Yep.
Looks good.
I remember since we made a change to our package based on file.
Scaffold is going to want to rebuild or technically docker here is going to rebuild our expiration service
image.
That's going to take a minute or two.
So we'll take a pause right here.
And when we come back, the next video, we'll make sure that we've got a publisher inside of our expiration
service that is going to publish that event that we just created.